Clarify installation with HACS (#630)
piitaya/lovelace-mushroom: README.md

Mushroom is available in [HACS][hacs] (Home Assistant Community Store).

> 0. Install HACS if you don't have it already
> 1. Open HACS in your Home Assistant
> 2. Go to "Frontend" section
> 3. Click button with "+" icon
> 4. Search for "Mushroom"

Author: ```suggestion
1. Install HACS if you don't have it already
2. Open HACS in Home Assistant
3. Go to "Frontend" section
4. Click button with "+" icon
5. Search for "Mushroom"
```
